We will look at the vertical integration
strategy forward, which
is a strategic move by which,
within the supply chain of your
industry, you decide to
expand and enter the business
of your distributors
or your customers.
And you can do so through organic
growth, that is, by developing
it internally, or through inorganic
growth, which would
be to buy from a distributor
company or customer.
Let us see some example.
There is an Apple Store on the screen.
If we think of Apple’s business,
Apple is a producer, it is a
technology manufacturer.
However, it has decided
to integrate vertically forward
with the goal of having more control,
delivering a better customer
experience, etc., and
creates the Apple Store.
This goes to the final
consumer.
This is a vertical
integration.
Coca-Cola has chosen a
similar strategy, because
Coca-Cola is also a producer.
What happens is that, within
its growth strategy, in many
international markets, what
it has done has been to buy the
bottler, buy companies that
belong to the next link
within the supply chain,
which are usually called
wholesale.
Disney, here we have a Disney Store.
Disney is also an audiovisual
content producer.
Well, because what you decide
is to integrate vertically
forward and reach the
end consumer through the Disney
Store.
Same as Apple.
In the case of Costco, for example,
Costco is a company that is also
called Costco Wholesale.
Wholesale is the term for wholesale.
So Costco traditionally
what it was was only
a wholesaler.
That is, Costco’s customers
were then small or large
distributors, etc., right?
Large food distribution, bars,
restaurants...
Costco decides to integrate
vertically forward and
reach the final
consumer.
And currently Costco customers
are either end consumers
or retailers, who were their
traditional customers.
What we will do now is let
us analyze what are the goals
or benefits that lead you
to opt for this type of strategy.
We will do so with the Apple
Store.
Let us start.
Well, the very clear benefit
that Apple gets with the Apple
Store is having more control.
You absolutely control how and
where your products are sold.
And, as we said, the customer experience
in the Apple Store is unique.
This allows Apple to guarantee
it only by selling
through its own stores.
You think that the rest of
manufacturers do what they do is
sell through stores that belong,
for example, to telephone
operators or to large warehouses, etc.
And when you sell through your distribution
channels, it is logical that
you lose some control over
quality.
Another advantage is that you
are closer to the customer.
Through the Apple Store, Apple
has a lot of interactions
with its customers.
It allows you to know the customer
much more than if you sold
only through a distribution channel.
Another obvious benefit, in addition
to being always given in the vertical
integration strategy, whether forward
or backwards, is that of course,
you capture your margins.
Thro the supply chain,
every step applies
a margin.
So, if you enter the business
of your customers or your
distributors, you’ll get
that margin.
You will catch it, you will make it yours.
You can use it to make more
money or you can use it to
lower prices.
In the case of Apple, which is what
we are doing, it does not lower
prices.
That is, the final price for the
customer is the same, either through
an Apple Store or through a distribution
channel that is not owned
by Apple.
What happens is that in the
Apple Store, when Apple sells
an iPhone in a form, through
direct sale or through the Apple
Store, the margin is obviously
much higher.
But the most important benefits
are generating a competitive
advantage and an entry barrier.
You think that, as we said, the
customer experience at Apple’s point
of sale, in the Apple Store
is unique, it’s a real success
case in this.
This gives you a competitive
advantage over other technology
manufacturers that do not have
their own sales points.
There is also a major barrier to entry.
Because if you want to compete with
a company that is vertically
integrated, either forward
or backwards, that control
that has the entire supply chain
is very difficult to imitate.
Thus, they are creating significant
entry barriers for potential
competitors.
Think of it, it is obvious.
It is much harder to compete
with Apple.
Let us not think now about the brand,
etc., but simply because it is, in
addition to a manufacturer
or a retailer, that with a company
that is only a manufacturer.